docs: add security policy (#3713)
paritytech/substrate: SECURITY.md

# Security Policy

Parity Technologies is committed to resolving security vulnerabilities in our software quickly and carefully. We take the necessary steps to minimize risk, provide timely information, and deliver vulnerability fixes and mitigations required to address security issues.

## Reporting a Vulnerability

> Security vulnerabilities in Parity software should be reported by email to security@parity.io. If you think your report might be eligible for the Parity Bug Bounty Program, your email should be send to bugbounty@parity.io. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Security vulnerabilities in Parity software should be reported by email to security@parity.io. If you think your report might be eligible for the Parity Bug Bounty Program, your email should be sent to bugbounty@parity.io. 
```

- description of the vulnerability
- attack scenario (if any)
- components
- reproduction
- other details

Try to include as much information in your report as you can, including a description of the vulnerability, its potential impact, and steps for reproducing it. Be sure to use a descriptive subject line.

You'll receive a response to your email within two business days indicating the next steps in handling your report. We encourage finders to use encrypted communication channels to protect the confidentiality of vulnerability reports. You can encrypt your report using our public key. This key is [on MIT's key server](https://pgp.mit.edu/pks/lookup?op=get&search=0x5D0F03018D07DE73) server and reproduced below.

After the initial reply to your report, our team will endeavor to keep you informed of the progress being made towards a fix. These updates will be sent at least every five business days. 

Thank you for taking the time to responsibly disclose any vulnerabilities you find.

## Responsible Investigation and Reporting

Responsible investigation and reporting includes, but isn't limited to, the following:

- Don't violate the privacy of other users, destroy data, etc.

> - Don’t defraud or harm Parity Technologies Ltd or its users during your research; you should make a good faith effort to not interrupt or degrade our services.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Don't defraud or harm Parity Technologies Ltd or its users during your research; you should make a good faith effort to not interrupt or degrade our services.
```
